Update management.md (#10668)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/people/onboarding.md

## 30/60/90 day check-ins

> A manager's [responsibilities](/handbook/company/management) for a new hire are the same as for the rest of their team though with a little extra scrutiny. During the [first 3 months probationary period](/handbook/people/compensation#notice-period) there is an even greater importance on 1) providing feedback to the new team member, and 2) communicating with execs about unresolved performance issues, so that there is enough time for action. Managers are, again, not responsible for hiring or firing, nor communicating these possibilities directly to teammates - this is handled by the exec team, and is frankly a very rare situation - the vast majority of people we hire do pass their probationary period!

Reviewer: The wording of this is a little weird to me:
```suggestion
Managers are responsible for helping their new members navigate the [first 3 months probationary period](/handbook/people/compensation#notice-period). There is a strong importance on 1) providing feedback to the new team member, and 2) communicating with execs about unresolved performance issues, so that there is enough time for action. Managers are, again, not responsible for hiring or firing, nor communicating these possibilities directly to teammates - this is handled by the exec team, and is frankly a very rare situation - the vast majority of people we hire do pass their probationary period!
```

TBH I don't think `A manager's [responsibilities](/handbook/company/management) for a new hire are the same as for the rest of their team though with a little extra scrutiny.` is needed.

- 60-day checkin
  - Ops team will check in with the manager to see if things are on track.
  - Manager to provide another round of feedback to the team member.
    - If things are going well, the manager might want to give an indication of this as it can ease any fears the team member may have.
  - Exec team will get involved as necessary to provide an additional layer of feedback to the team member.
- 90-day checkin
  - We've made it! Congratulate the new team member on passing their probationary period.
  - Give any extra feedback as necesssary, though things _should_ feel like they're humming at this point.

Feedback is a really important part of the onboarding process and as a manager it's a good idea to ensure the new team member receives feedback from their peers - either from you collecting it or them receiving it directly from their peers. It won't always be possible or necessary to do a 360 feedback session within the first 3 months, so it's up to you as a manager how best to approach that. As a manager you can also have blind spots on performance, so checking in with their peers can be helpful and can be done during your normal 1-1s.

> These check-ins are designed to ensure every new starter is set up for success. Every manager will deal with these slightly differently, but it will hopefully be clear to everybody by around the 60 day mark how things are going and what needs to be worked on, if anything. It is important for a manager to ensure that they do not wait for one of these check-ins to communicate with an exec team member that there could be issues with the team member passing probation. They should let them know immediately, so that a fair and reasonable plan can be put in action ASAP. 

Reviewer 2: @raquelmsmith I think I edited this directly without making a suggestion (soz) I just added this part (feel free to edit it) 

_It is important for a manager to ensure that they do not wait for one of these check-ins to communicate with an exec team member that there could be issues with the team member passing probation. They should let them know immediately, so that a fair and reasonable plan can be put in action ASAP. 
Comment_
